![Wayback Machine](/_static/images/toolbar/wayback-toolbar-logo.png)

success

fail

|  | **Apr** | OCT | Nov  
---|---|---  
![Previous capture](/_static/images/toolbar/wm_tb_prv_on.png) | 24 | ![Next
capture](/_static/images/toolbar/wm_tb_nxt_off.png)  
**2015** | 2017 | 2018  
  
11 captures

11 Jul 2013 - 24 Oct 2017

|  
  
About this capture

COLLECTED BY

Organization: Archive Team

![](http://archiveteam.org/images/e/e6/Archiveteam.jpg) Formed in 2009, the
Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a
rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or
deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is
100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a
large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history.

History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community,
group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties
stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of
contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team
believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can
continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials.
Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data
to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to
acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations.

The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the
date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs.

This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both
ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the
Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in
use by the Wayback Machine, providing a path back to lost websites and work.

Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type
of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these
collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are
free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find.

**The Archive Team Panic Downloads** are full pulldowns of currently extant
websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in
danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard
drive crashes or server failures.

Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler

ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites
(e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and
it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads
that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet
Archive (or other archive sites).

To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot,
you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel
operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the
sites being downloaded currently.

There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at
http://www.archivebot.com.

ArchiveBot's source code can be found at
https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot.

TIMESTAMPS

![loading](/_static/images/loading.gif)

# Diese Domain wurde geparkt.

Diese Domain ist zur Zeit keinem Server oder Webhosting zugewiesen. Sie k√∂nnen
die Zuordnung der Domain in Ihrem Kundenbereich (CCP) verwalten.

